
'Getting and Cleaning Data' - 2nd Course Project 
===


## Purposes

- To clean the raw files and make a tidy dataset for later processing.

- To demonstrate the ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. 


## General Description


The raw datasets is described as following,

	The data linked to from the course website represent data collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. A full description is available at the site where the data was obtained: 
	
	http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones
	
To run the run_analysis.R, the raw datasets must be downloaded and unzipped under the same directory of run_analysis.R. Here is the link,
<https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip>


For more information of the raw datasets, please also see the README file after unzipping the raw data.	

	
According to the course project requirements, the script file run_analysis.R is supposed to do the following tasks right now:

	1. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.   
	2. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.   
	3. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set      
	4. Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.    
	5. Creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject. 



## Directories/Files Layout

- (Prerequisite) Directory named 'UCI HAR Dataset' and its subdirectories/files   
raw data retrieved from the course project page, <https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip> and unzipped.

- run_analysis.R   
the processing script for generating the tidy datasets.

- README.md   

- Codebook.md   
the description file on the processing steps, variables used, 

- meansurements.mean.std.group.by.subject.activity.txt   
the tidy data generated by merging the train and the test datasets, then properly label the variables, extract the only measurement on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.

- average.meansurements.group.by.subject.activity.txt    
the tidy data generated by averaging of each variable for each activity and each subject. 



